Apply feedback on build smart contracts connect to asset hub page (#448)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: develop/smart-contracts/connect-to-asset-hub.md

3. Click the **Get Some WND** button to request free test WND tokens. These tokens will be sent to your MetaMask wallet shortly

    ![](/images/develop/smart-contracts/connect-to-asset-hub/connect-to-asset-hub-6.webp)

Now that you have obtained WND tokens in your MetaMask wallet, you’re ready to deploy and interact with smart contracts on the Westend Asset Hub! These tokens will allow you to pay for gas fees when executing transactions, deploying contracts, and testing your dApp functionality in a secure testnet environment. 

## Where to Go Next

For your next steps, explore the various smart contract guides demonstrating how to use and integrate different tools and development environments into your workflow.

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   <span class="badge guide">Guide</span> __Deploy your first contract with Remix__

    ---

    Explore the smart contract development and deployment process on Asset Hub using the Remix IDE.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Build with Remix IDE](/develop/smart-contracts/dev-environments/remix/)

> -   <span class="badge guide">Guide</span> __Interact with the Blockchain with viem__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   <span class="badge guide">Guide</span> __Interact with the blockchain with viem__
```

3. Click the **Get Some WND** button to request free test WND tokens. These tokens will be sent to your MetaMask wallet shortly

    ![](/images/develop/smart-contracts/connect-to-asset-hub/connect-to-asset-hub-6.webp)

> Now that you have obtained WND tokens in your MetaMask wallet, you’re ready to deploy and interact with smart contracts on the Westend Asset Hub! These tokens will allow you to pay for gas fees when executing transactions, deploying contracts, and testing your dApp functionality in a secure testnet environment. For your next steps, explore the various smart contract guides demonstrating how to use and integrate different tools and development environments into your workflow.

Reviewer: Maybe a Where to Go Next section would be nice like "Deploy your first contract with Remix" or "Interact with the Blockchain with viem" - maybe a shorter title there, but this general idea

Reviewer 2: @nhussein11 I added the cards but the copy Erin suggests is nicer if you want to update the titles for the cards, etc. Thank you!

Author: @dawnkelly09 amazing! thank you! done - [ce30a42](https://github.com/polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs/pull/448/commits/ce30a42786264d4d0c42662fb2bd43fbe33e4707)

> Now that you have tested WND tokens in your MetaMask wallet, you’re ready to deploy and interact with smart contracts on the Westend Asset Hub! These tokens will allow you to pay for gas fees when executing transactions, deploying contracts, and testing your dApp functionality in a secure testnet environment. For your next steps, explore the various smart contract guides that demonstrate how to use and integrate different tools and development environments into your workflow.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Now that you have obtained WND tokens in your MetaMask wallet, you’re ready to deploy and interact with smart contracts on the Westend Asset Hub! These tokens will allow you to pay for gas fees when executing transactions, deploying contracts, and testing your dApp functionality in a secure testnet environment. For your next steps, explore the various smart contract guides demonstrating how to use and integrate different tools and development environments into your workflow.
```
